DAN: Things on Earth were going really well,
after the Bakugan came to live with us.
But then out of nowhere, we were invaded by...
these mysterious and evil Mechtogan who were intent
on destroying everything.
Coredegon
Slycerak
Exostriker
and Mandibor were their names.
And leading them was this clown Wiseman.
They also had help from an evil pack of Bakugan
called the Nonets. Luckily for us, we had our own
secret weapon in the form of Dragonoid Destroyer.
So we fought back, because no one
is going to take our freedom! Not now, not ever!
\u266a What are ya gonna do? \u266a
\u266a The odds are stacked against you, \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall, You gotta give it your all, \u266a
\u266a -a-a-a-a-a This is the final stand, \u266a
\u266a -a-a-a-a-a The power's in your hand! \u266a
\u266a Two worlds collide, On the inside, \u266a
\u266a You got to fight for what's right, \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone... \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
JAAKOR: Hmmmph!
[multiple laser blasts]
JAAKOR: Haaaaaaah!
SHUN: Come and get me! If you can.
JAAKOR: You're mine, now!
Hmmmph!
SHUN: His focus is good, but not perfect.
JAAKOR: Haaaaaaah!
SHUN: Hmmmph!
Haaaaaaah!
JAAKOR: Doppelgangers?
Whooooaaa!
JAAKOR: Haaaaaaaah!
JAAKOR: It's going to take more than that!
Haaaaaaaaah!
SHUN: [grunt, exertion reax]
SHUN: Whooooooa!
JAAKOR: Now it's time for the teacher to get schooled.
Huh?
JAAKOR: So the old dog still has some new tricks.
SHUN: Who are you calling old?
JAAKOR: What?
SHUN: So do you remember what the point of...
today's lesson was Jaakor?
JAAKOR: Of course: To get the upper hand,
you must know one's self as well as you know your enemy.
SHUN: Hmmmph.
JAAKOR: By recognizing your own weaknesses...
your enemy can't take advantage of them.
SHUN: You are learning well.
SHUN: It's important because we're facing...
a horde of new enemies. Mechtogan with no hosts,
the evil Nonet Bakugan, and of course Wiseman.
SHUN: I get the feeling Jaakor that we'll be...
seeing a lot more of them soon.
JAAKOR: We'll be ready for them.
JAAKOR: I want you to know that no matter...
how difficult the path, I am your partner and...
will stand by your side until the very end.
SHUN: Mmm-hmm.
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: The Prodigal Bakugan
JAAKOR: Hmmmm. If only there were some way...
I could use my ninja skills to predict when...
the enemy will strike next.
JAAKOR: Huh?
Hmmmph!
JAAKOR: [grunt, exertion reax]
JAAKOR: Leaf darts? The last time I saw these was...
no, it couldn't be...
[heavy wood impact]
JAAKOR: Okay, you two. You've had your fun.
JAAKOR: Now show yourselves while I'm still in a good mood.
Skytruss, Orbeum!
SKYTRUSS: Hahaha! I told you he was onto us, dude.
SKYTRUSS: I told Orbeum, there's no way we can...
sneak up on Sensei, he's just way too good. Hahaha!
ORBEUM: Long time no see, Sensei! You miss us?
JAAKOR: Of course. You were my favourite students.
ORBEUM: I hope we didn't scare you too bad sneaking up...
like that, but Big Bro thought it would be...
the best way to say 'hi'.
SKYTRUSS: I just wanted to show how much our skills...
have improved since we last saw each other, Sensei. Hahaha!
ORBEUM: Okay he gets it.
JAAKOR: I haven't seen either of you since the great Exodus...
from New Vestroia when the Bakugan came to live on Earth...
with the humans.
JAAKOR: But I'm guessing you are not here to reminisce.
ORBEUM: Mmm-hmm. SKYTRUSS: Mmm-hmm.
JAAKOR: Okay. Out with it.
ORBEUM: There's been talk amongst the Bakugan...
ever since that Wiseman creep showed up.
A lot of them are scared. Really scared.
SKYTRUSS: They want to go back home to New Vestroia, Sensei.
JAAKOR: Hmmmm?
[rushing waterfall hum]
ORBEUM: Sensei, you always told us that the reason the Bakugan
race has been able to survive throughout the millennia...
is that they've stuck together like one giant family.
And the thing is your family needs you now.
SKYTRUSS: Our people need to be protected which means...
we need help from mighty Bakugan like you.
JAAKOR: I agree, there is tremendous evil all around,
and I intend to defend the innocent.
SKYTRUSS: I'm so happy to hear you say that, Sensei.
So when can we head back to New Vestroia, huh?
ORBEUM: A lot of Bakugan are itching to go,
so just say the word.
JAAKOR: Hold on you two. It's not just the Bakugan...
who are being threatened. We can't just run and turn...
our backs on our friends.
ORBEUM: But Sensei we need...
SKYTRUSS: Who cares what the humans need?
They can fend for themselves.
We have to look out for our own kind, Sensei!
JAAKOR: Skytruss, I taught you better than that.
Of course I want to help my people, but I have...
loyalty to Shun. He is like a brother.
ORBEUM: Brother? SKYTRUSS: Brother?
SKYTRUSS: How can you talk that way, Sensei?
A battling partner is one thing, but a brother?
Come ooooon!
ORBEUM: The humans are the reason we're in this mess.
Wiseman doesn't want us living amongst them,
so why stick around and give him more chances to harm us?
We need to go home and hope he doesn't follow.
JAAKOR: The Brawlers have always helped the Bakugan,
we owe them the same in return.
ORBEUM: I admire your loyalty Sensei,
but can you at least think about it?
SKYTRUSS: I'm sure if you explain it to Shun,
he'll understand. You're not running from a battle.
You're protecting our people from one.
JAAKOR: Skytruss. Orbeum.
I need some time to meditate on things.
ORBEUM: Mmm-hmm. SKYTRUSS: Mmm-hmm.
JAAKOR: I feel conflicted.
SHUN: What are you doing up there?
JAAKOR: Huh? We must talk.
BETADRON: This is...humiliating!
BETADRON: There were three of us and we still...
couldn't take down, Drago!
WISEMAN: You lost because you were weaker than him.
It's as simple as that Betadron.
Quit your whining. It's getting tedious.
BETADRON: You've got nerve!
WISEMAN: Let's see if any of your friends...
are up to the task. But perhaps this time we'll go after...
another member of the Battle Brawlers just to mix it up.
WISEMAN: Let's see what you've got, huh Spatterix.
SPATTERIX: You've chosen well, Wiseman.
I hope you are prepared to be impressed.
WISEMAN: For back up we'll take you Stronk.
STRONK: This is gonna be fun.
SPATTERIX: Don't worry, Betadron. We'll try not to...
embarrass you too much. [chuckle]
WISEMAN: Hmmmmph.
SHUN: So they were your students?
JAAKOR: Yes. I trained them from the time they were quite young.
They were my prized students, but it went beyond that.
We were very close, like family.
SHUN: Family...yes.
JAAKOR: I understand why the others want to flee...
to New Vestroia, but I hate that they feel they have no choice.
SHUN: Jaakor...
JAAKOR: Hmmm?
SHUN: You should go home and be with your family.
JAAKOR: But Shun...
SHUN: Don't worry about us. We'll be just fine.
SHUN: You need to protect the weak Jaakor.
JAAKOR: Are you sure?
SHUN: The Bakugan on New Vestroia need you.
They trust you. And we both know you're more than capable...
of protecting them if it ever comes to that.
[water splash]
JAAKOR: Very well if you think that's for the best,
I'll respect your wishes. Thank-you for everything.
SHUN: Farewell then.
SHUN: And the best of luck to you my brother.
SKYTRUSS: I'm telling you, Sensei's not coming.
That human partner of his must have tricked him into staying.
Those lousy, selfish humans make me soooo mad.
ORBEUM: I don't think Sensei would give up on us like that.
I say we give him a few more minutes.
It's the least we can do.
SKYTRUSS: Okay, but this waiting is killing me. Huh?
ORBEUM: Sensei! SKYTRUSS: Sensei!
JAAKOR: Saddle up. It's time to go home.
ORBEUM: Awesome! Yes sir! SKYTRUSS: Awesome! Yes sir!
JAAKOR: Indeed.
SHUN: Haaaaaaah!
[cracking rock]
SHUN: [grunt]
SHUN: [panting]
ORBEUM: I admire your loyalty, Sensei,
but can you at least think about it?
SKYTRUSS: I'm sure if you explain it to Shun,
he'll understand. You're not running from a battle.
You're protecting our people from one.
JAAKOR: Skytruss. Orbeum.
I need some time to meditate on things.
SHUN: I know it wasn't an easy decision for Jaakor to leave,
and it was just as hard for me to pretend I was okay with it.
WISEMAN: What's with the sad face, Shun?
You lose something?
WISEMAN: Oh wait where's your little buddy Jaakor, huh?
SHUN: Wiseman!
WISEMAN: Bakugan Brawl!
WISEMAN: Bakugan stand!
WISEMAN: Rise, Pyrus Spatterix!
SPATTERIX: Hmmmph!
WISEMAN: Rise Subterra Stronk!
STRONK: Haaaaaaaah!
SPATTERIX: Why are you so slow on the throw, Shun?
Don't just leave us standing here.
STRONK: Yeah punk! We're ready to brawl!
SHUN: [angry grunt]
SPATTERIX: Hey, check it out, Stronk.
I think this guy wants to take us on by himself.
STRONK: Is he nuts?
SHUN: I shouldn't be any problem for you two, right?
WISEMAN: I've seen a lot, but this is the first time...
I've encountered a battler willing to fight...
without a partner Bakugan.
[finger snap]
SPATTERIX: Haaaaaaaaaah! STRONK: Haaaaaaaaaah!
SHUN: Hmmmmph!
SHUN: They're going to be sorry they ever crossed my path.
SHUN: It won't be the same fighting without you, Jaakor!
WISEMAN: Show me the extent of your powers, Spatterix!
SPATTERIX: I'm going to crush you!
SHUN: [grunt, exertion reax] Hmmmmmmmph!
SPATTERIX: [grunt, pain reax]
STRONK: Stay still so I can swat you, you annoying little fly!
STRONK: Whoa! I feel kinda dizzy.
STRONK: [groan] Oooomph!
SPATTERIX: Stay down and out of my way, Stronk!
I'll finish him off myself! Watch!
SPATTERIX: Hmmmmph! Where'd you go?
SHUN: [grunt]
SPATTERIX: That was a neat little trick, Shun,
but don't get cocky!
STRONK: We're still gonna smash ya!
SHUN: Bring it on then.
Hmmmph!
SPATTERIX: We're not going to fall for that one again!
STRONK: Attack!
SHUN: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
SHUN: Oooomph!
SKYTRUSS: I can't believe Shun didn't even try...
to keep Sensei here. So much for the bond...
between friends. I'm telling you Orbeum,
these humans only care about themselves.
ORBEUM: I'm with you on that one Skytruss.
SKYTRUSS: You okay Sensei?
JAAKOR: I am just remembering the first time...
I ever saw this view.
JAAKOR: I thought I was seeing my new home.
The place where I would spend the rest of my days.
JAAKOR: I thought home was where your family was.
And I had arrived with the Bakugan, my original family...
to live with the humans, our new family.
JAAKOR: Something is wrong.
ORBEUM: Sensei? SKYTRUSS: Sensei?
JAAKOR: Shun!
SHUN: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
SHUN: Oooomph!
SPATTERIX: I told you humans were...
pathetically weak on their own.
SHUN: [grunt, exertion reax]
WISEMAN: Stay down, Shun!
SPATTERIX: Hmmmph.
STRONK: He's a stubborn one!
SHUN: I need to win this so Jaakor can start his life over
on New Vestroia without worrying about me.
No one threatens my family!
SPATTERIX: Foolish as it is, I admire your determination.
Too bad it won't do you any good. I hope you're ready...
for more pain?!?
SPATTERIX: [grunt, exertion reax]
What the heck was that?
JAAKOR: Are you okay, Shun?
SHUN: Jaakor. When did you get back?
JAAKOR: I never left. I couldn't leave you behind...
with all of this unfinished business.
JAAKOR: Besides, Family always sticks together.
SHUN: Always. [grunt]
ORBEUM: Sensei!
WISEMAN: So I guess you've had a change of heart...
about battling solo.
SPATTERIX: It doesn't matter Wiseman.
STRONK: We'll smash them both.
SHUN: Bakugan Brawl! Ha!
SHUN: Baku Skyraider, Jump!
SPATTERIX: He just...
STRONK: ...disappeared!
WISEMAN: Heads up.
JAAKOR: [rising mighty roar]
JAAKOR: Smash this, creeps!
WISEMAN: Finally.
SPATTERIX: I hope you enjoyed that lucky shot.
You won't get another one.
STRONK: Yeah! What he said!
WISEMAN: Ability activate!
WISEMAN: Deathring Shot!
SPATTERIX: Haaaaah!
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Fierce Demon, Thunder Clap!
JAAKOR: Be gone, evil scum!
JAAKOR: Haaaaaaaaah!
WISEMAN: Ability Activate!
WISEMAN: Haken Scryd!
STRONK: Haaaaaaaah!
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Slash Wave Thunder!
SPATTERIX: You're not the only one...
STRONK: ...with firepower!
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Moonlight Shadow Slash!
JAAKOR: [rising mighty roar] Haaaaah!
STRONK: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh! SPATTERIX: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
SPATTERIX: Now you're just making me angry!
JAAKOR: Hmmmph!
STRONK: Open wide, Jaakor!
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Flying Dragon Spinning Storm!
JAAKOR: Haaaaaaaah!
SPATTERIX: He disappeared!
STRONK: Not again! Where is he?
JAAKOR: Haaaaaaaaaah!
STRONK: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
STRONK: Oooomph!
SPATTERIX: This is getting ridiculous!
Haaaaaaaah!
JAAKOR: [grunt, pain reax]
SPATTERIX: You feeling the heat, Jaakor? Huh?
STRONK: I don't get it.
SPATTERIX: More ninja tricks!
SHUN: Ability activate!
Moonlight Shadow Breaker!
JAAKOR: Haaaaaaaah!
SPATTERIX and STRONK: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
SPATTERIX and STRONK: Oooomph!
SKYTRUSS: Sensei still has the moves but I have to be honest,
Shun is awesome too.
ORBEUM: I agree with you, Bro. When you see them...
battling together, you realize that they know themselves
and each other as only true partners can.
I hate to say it but their bond is, incredible.
ORBEUM: I finally understand why Sensei...
didn't want to leave Shun behind.
SKYTRUSS: I know what you're saying, Bro.
I've never seen anything like it.
WISEMAN: Well done Shun and Jaakor, a very impressive...
comeback indeed. Perhaps it's time for you two...
to work together if you know what I mean.
SPATTERIX: You want me to fuse with this thing?
Are you serious?
STRONK: Huh?
SPATTERIX: Well, I guess it beats losing to these two.
STRONK: Let's just get this over with!
SHUN: Oh no!
JAAKOR: Did they say \"fusing\"?
SPATTERIX: Bakugan Fuse!
[heavy groud impact]
COMBINED SPATTERIX: This isn't so bad I guess.
Just make sure you don't trip me up, Stronk!
STRONK: Yeah, yeah. Quit your yacking!
JAAKOR: No big deal. Two birds with one stone.
JAAKOR: Haaaaaaaaaaaah!
JAAKOR: [rising mighty roar] Haaaaaaaah!
Huuuuaaaah!
COMBINED SPATTERIX: Don't make me laugh!
COMBINED SPATTERIX: You're so pathetic.
SHUN: Jaakor watch out!
WISEMAN: Too late!
Ability activate!
WISEMAN: Magxtreme!
COMBINED SPATTERIX: Haaaaaaaaah!
JAAKOR: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
SHUN: Oh Jaakor!
Huh? What the heck do you two want?
SKYTRUSS: To help of course! Whatever you and Sensei need.
We've got your backs!
SHUN: Really?
ORBEUM: We were wrong to try and split you up!
Please, we owe it to you both to fix this!
SHUN: Okay!
SHUN: Bakugan Brawl!
SHUN: Baku Skyraiders, Jump!
SHUN: Go Darkus Skytruss!
SHUN: Go Darkus Orbeum!
COMBINED SPATTERIX: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
SKYTRUSS: You messed with our Sensei!
ORBEUM: So now you'll suffer the wrath!
SKYTRUSS: Of two Bakugan who are not only his students...
ORBEUM: ...but also his family!
SKYTRUSS: We stand united! ORBEUM: We stand united!
SKYTRUSS: Just lead the way, Sensei!
We're behind you 100%
ORBEUM: That goes for you too, Shun!
SKYTRUSS: We're all in this together!
SHUN: Okay, Orbeum, Skytruss!
JAAKOR: Let's do this, Shun!
SHUN: Right!
Ability activate!
SHUN: Full Moon Wave Burning!
SKYTRUSS: Haaaaaah!
COMBINED SPATTERIX: My eyes! I can't see!
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Supreme Flame!
ORBEUM: Haaaaaah!
COMBINED SPATTERIX: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
SHUN: Now Jaakor!
Ability activate!
SHUN: Sparkly Shadow Cross Storm!
JAAKOR: [rising mighty roar] Haaaaaaaah!
COMBINED SPATTERIX: Ooomph!
COMBINED SPATTERIX: You're all going to pay for that one!
COMBINED SPATTERIX: [rising mighty roar]
SPATTERIX: Haaaaaaaah!
JAAKOR, SKYTRUSS and ORBEUM: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
SHUN: Oh no!
WISEMAN: Combined Ability activate!
WISEMAN: Mega Spendor!
COMBINED SPATTERIX: [rising mighty roar]
Haaaaaaaaaah!
ORBEUM, SKYTRUSS and JAAKOR: Huh?
ORBEUM, SKYTRUSS and JAAKOR: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
SHUN: He's too powerful!
SKYTRUSS: Don't count us out, yet!
ORBEUM: We can take these creeps down,
but it means fighting on equal ground.
We're ready if you are!
JAAKOR: Excellent.
JAAKOR: Bakugan unite!
SKYTRUSS: Haaaaaaaah!
ORBEUM: Huuuaaaaah!
JAAKOR: Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
COMBINED JAAKOR: United Ninjas! Herculean power!
SHUN: With the combined strength of three ninjas...
we will prevail.
WISEMAN: Interesting. These Bakugan never cease...
to surprise me.
[heavy ground impact]
COMBINED SPATTERIX: [evil chuckle]
COMBINED SPATTERIX: Is that supposed to scare me?
COMBINED SPATTERIX: [rising mighty roar]
COMBINED SPATTERIX: Haaaaaaaaaaaah!
COMBINED SPATTERIX: What?
SHUN: Combined Ability activate!
SHUN: Supreme Rumble!
[gear cranking thunks]
COMBINED JAAKOR: Haaaaaaaaah!
COMBINED SPATTERIX: You won't defeat me!
SHUN: Combined ability activate!
SHUN: Supreme Jet Shot!
COMBINED SPATTERIX: Oh no!
COMBINED JAAKOR: Get ready to pay the price for trying...
to bring chaos and destruction to my family!
Haaaaaaaaaah!
COMBINED SPATTERIX: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
WISEMAN: As disappointing as a loss is with every battle...
I'm getting to know the Brawlers,
hmmmph, better and better.
ORBEUM: Sensei, when we were combined I could feel...
for myself the bond you share with your partner Shun.
SKYTRUSS: Yeah, I could too and I guess it wasn't so bad.
SKYTRUSS: I guess what I'm saying is I was wrong,
and I'm sorry. Sensei belongs here with you!
ORBEUM: Yeah. Besides, we can take care of things on...
New Vestroia. We were trained by the best after all.
JAAKOR: Thank-you from both of us.
MARUCHO: Ever since Wiseman showed up with those creeps,
the Nonets, we Battle Brawlers have been on high alert.
Unfortunately my partner Radizen has been off his game.
I think he's upset because he doesn't have the ability...
to combine with other Bakugan like the rest of his teammates.
I've tried to tell him he's still a force to be...
reckoned with but he won't listen and that's no good.
All I know is that he'd better snap out of it,
because Wiseman is coming for us with a vengeance.
There is too much at stake for us to lose focus now!
Roxtor might be the key to solving our Radizen problem.
Make sure you tune into check out the action.
\u266a [MUSIC]